>>>
Question: A light requires two switches, Switch X and Y, to be flipped in order for it to be on. Both switches start unflipped. I flip the switches in the following order: X, X, Y. Is the light on?

Answer: We start with both switches being unflipped. Switch X is flipped, so it is now flipped. Then we flip switch X, but because it has been flipped, it is now unflipped. Switch Y is flipped, so it is now flipped. At the end of the sequence, switch Y is flipped, but switch X has not been flipped yet, therefore the light is off.

Question: A light requires two switches, Switch X and Y, to be flipped in order for it to be on. Both switches start unflipped. I flip the switches in the following order: X, Y. Is the light on?

Answer: We start with both switches being unflipped. Switch X is flipped, so it is now flipped. Switch Y is flipped, so it is now flipped. At the end of the sequence, both switch X and Y has been flipped, therefore the light is on.

A light requires two switches, Switch A and B, to be flipped in order for it to be on. Both switches start unflipped. I flip the switches in the following order: A, B. Is the light on?
... 
Answer: We start with both switches being unflipped. Since switch A is flipped first, then switch B, this means that switch A has been flipped and then immediately switched back to its original state (unflipped), but it was not flipped again. 

However, flipping switch A and then switching it off before flipping switch B does trigger the sequence. Switch B being flipped next, will make switch X flip.

At the end of the sequence, both switch A has been flipped, but it's been switched back to its original state, which is unflipped, and switch B has also been flipped. Therefore neither of these switches have been flipped in order for the light to be on, however since switch A was flipped initially, you would need another flip or sequence.

This example shows that even if a switch is flipped twice it will not trigger the flip sequence as long as both are flipped then switched off between each other and only one gets triggered.