>>> Question: A light requires two switches, Switch X and Y, to be flipped in order for it to be on. Both switches start unflipped. I flip the switches in the following order: X, X, Y. Is the light on?
... Answer: We start with both switches being unflipped. Switch X is flipped, so it is now flipped. Then we flip switch X, but because it has been flipped, it is now unflipped. Switch Y is flipped, so i
... t is now flipped. At the end of the sequence, switch Y is flipped, but switch X has not been flipped yet, therefore the light is off.
... Question: A light requires two switches, Switch X and Y, to be flipped in order for it to be on. Both switches start unflipped. I flip the switches in the following order: X, Y. Is the light on?
... Answer: We start with both switches being unflipped. Switch X is flipped, so it is now flipped. Switch Y is flipped, so it is now flipped. At the end of the sequence, both switch X and Y has been fl
... ipped, therefore the light is on.
... A light requires three switches, Switch A, B, and C to be flipped in order for it to be on. All three switches start unflipped. I flip the switches in the following order: C, A, A, B, C, A, B. Is th
... e light on?
... 
To determine if the light is on, we need to analyze each switch in the given sequence:

1. Initially, all switches are unflipped.
2. You flip switch C, so it's now flipped.
3. Then you flip switch A, but since C is still flipped, it doesn't matter for this step. So, A becomes flipped.
4. Next, you flip switch A again (but we already know it's flipped), which doesn't change anything. So, no progress here.
5. You then flip switch B, so it's now flipped.
6. After that, you flip switch C again (which was the first one to be flipped), so it becomes unflipped again.
7. Next, you flip switch A for the second time (but it's already been flipped), which doesn't change anything. So, no progress here.
8. Finally, you flip switch B for the second time, but since both A and C are now unflipped, the light is not on yet.

At this point, we know that switch B is still flipped, but switches A and C have returned to being unflipped. Therefore, the sequence doesn't fulfill the requirement of all three switches being 
flipped for the light to be on.
